Finalize Imodmodel writing + documentation (#33)
teamtomo/imodmodel: docs/object_api.md

# Object-based API

> The resulting dataframe from `imodmodel.read()` contains only information about the contours or slicer angles. 
> The full set of information from the imod model file can be parsed using `ImodModel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`imodmodel.read()` and `imodmodel.write()` are convenient APIs for accessing information from contours or slicer angles from an IMOD model file. 

`ImodModel` is a [pydantic model](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/) for the data in a model file. A more complete set of the information in an IMOD model files can be accessed using the `ImodModel.from_file()` method.
```
